Update add_job and alter_job documentation for fixed schedules (#1846)
timescale/docs: api/add_reorder_policy.md

|---|---|---|
| `hypertable` | REGCLASS | Hypertable to create the policy for. |
| `index_name` | TEXT | Existing index by which to order rows on disk. |

> |`initial_start`|TIMESTAMPTZ|Time the policy is first run. Defaults to NULL. If omitted, then the schedule interval is the intervalbetween the finish time of the last execution and the next start. If provided, it serves as the origin with respect to which the next_start is calculated |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`initial_start`|TIMESTAMPTZ|Time the policy is first run. Defaults to NULL. If omitted, then the schedule interval is the interval between the finish time of the last execution and the next start. If provided, it serves as the origin with respect to which the next_start is calculated |
```

> |`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If `initial_start` is also specified, subsequent executions of the reorder policy will be aligned on its initial start. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes may shift this alignment. Set to a valid time zone if this is an issue you want to mitigate. If omitted, UTC bucketing is performed. Defaults to `NULL`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If `initial_start` is also specified, subsequent executions of the reorder policy are aligned on its initial start. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes might shift this alignment. Set to a valid time zone if this is an issue you want to mitigate. If omitted, UTC bucketing is performed. Defaults to `NULL`.|
```

> |`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If `initial_start` is also specified, subsequent executions of the reorder policy will be aligned on its initial start. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes may shift this alignment. Set to a valid time zone if this is an issue you want to mitigate. If omitted, UTC bucketing will be performed. Defaults to `NULL`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If `initial_start` is also specified, subsequent executions of the reorder policy will be aligned on its initial start. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes may shift this alignment. Set to a valid time zone if this is an issue you want to mitigate. If omitted, UTC bucketing is performed. Defaults to `NULL`.|
```

Author: fixed
